my son do not forget my law but let your
my son do not forget my law but let your heart keep my commands for length of
heart keep my commands for length of
heart keep my commands for length of days and long life and peace they will
days and long life and peace they will
days and long life and peace they will add to you let not mercy and truth
add to you let not mercy and truth
add to you let not mercy and truth forsake you bind them around your neck
forsake you bind them around your neck
forsake you bind them around your neck write them on the tablet of your heart
write them on the tablet of your heart
write them on the tablet of your heart and so find favor and high esteem in the
and so find favor and high esteem in the
and so find favor and high esteem in the sight of God and man trust in the Lord
sight of God and man trust in the Lord
sight of God and man trust in the Lord and lean not on your own understanding
and lean not on your own understanding
and lean not on your own understanding in all your ways acknowledge him and he
in all your ways acknowledge him and he
in all your ways acknowledge him and he shall direct your paths do not be wise
shall direct your paths do not be wise
shall direct your paths do not be wise in your own eyes fear the Lord and
in your own eyes fear the Lord and
in your own eyes fear the Lord and depart from evil it will be health to
depart from evil it will be health to
depart from evil it will be health to your flesh and strength to your bones
your flesh and strength to your bones
your flesh and strength to your bones honor the Lord with your possessions and
honor the Lord with your possessions and
honor the Lord with your possessions and with the firstfruits of all your inmates
with the firstfruits of all your inmates
with the firstfruits of all your inmates so your barns will be filled with plenty
so your barns will be filled with plenty
so your barns will be filled with plenty and your vats will overflow with the new
and your vats will overflow with the new
and your vats will overflow with the new wine my son do not despise the
wine my son do not despise the
wine my son do not despise the chastening of the Lord nor detest his
chastening of the Lord nor detest his
chastening of the Lord nor detest his correction for whom the Lord loves he
correction for whom the Lord loves he
correction for whom the Lord loves he corrects just as a father the son in
corrects just as a father the son in
corrects just as a father the son in whom he delights happy is the man who
whom he delights happy is the man who
whom he delights happy is the man who finds wisdom and the man who gains
finds wisdom and the man who gains
finds wisdom and the man who gains understanding for her proceeds are
understanding for her proceeds are
understanding for her proceeds are better than the profits of silver and
better than the profits of silver and
better than the profits of silver and her gain than a fine gold
her gain than a fine gold
her gain than a fine gold she is more precious than rubies and all
she is more precious than rubies and all
she is more precious than rubies and all the things you may desire cannot compare
the things you may desire cannot compare
the things you may desire cannot compare with her length of days is in her right
with her length of days is in her right
with her length of days is in her right in her left hand riches and honor her
in her left hand riches and honor her
in her left hand riches and honor her ways are ways of pleasantness and all
ways are ways of pleasantness and all
ways are ways of pleasantness and all her paths are peace she is a tree of
her paths are peace she is a tree of
her paths are peace she is a tree of life to those who take hold of her and
life to those who take hold of her and
life to those who take hold of her and happy are all who retain her the Lord by
happy are all who retain her the Lord by
happy are all who retain her the Lord by wisdom founded the earth by
wisdom founded the earth by
wisdom founded the earth by understanding he established the heavens
understanding he established the heavens
understanding he established the heavens by his knowledge the debts were broken
by his knowledge the debts were broken
by his knowledge the debts were broken up and clouds drop down that you my son
up and clouds drop down that you my son
up and clouds drop down that you my son let them not depart from your eyes keep
let them not depart from your eyes keep
let them not depart from your eyes keep sound wisdom and discretion so they will
sound wisdom and discretion so they will
sound wisdom and discretion so they will be life to your soul and grace to your
be life to your soul and grace to your
be life to your soul and grace to your neck then you will walk safely in your
neck then you will walk safely in your
neck then you will walk safely in your way and your foot will not stumble when
way and your foot will not stumble when
way and your foot will not stumble when you lie down you will not be afraid yes
you lie down you will not be afraid yes
you lie down you will not be afraid yes you will lie down and your sleep will be
you will lie down and your sleep will be
you will lie down and your sleep will be sweet do not be afraid of sudden terror
sweet do not be afraid of sudden terror
sweet do not be afraid of sudden terror nor of trouble from the wicked when it
nor of trouble from the wicked when it
nor of trouble from the wicked when it comes for the Lord
comes for the Lord
comes for the Lord be your confidence and will keep your
be your confidence and will keep your
be your confidence and will keep your foot from being caught do not withhold
foot from being caught do not withhold
foot from being caught do not withhold good from those to whom it is due when
good from those to whom it is due when
good from those to whom it is due when it is in the power of your hand to do so
it is in the power of your hand to do so
it is in the power of your hand to do so do not say to your neighbor go and come
do not say to your neighbor go and come
do not say to your neighbor go and come back and tomorrow I will give it when
back and tomorrow I will give it when
back and tomorrow I will give it when you have it with you do not devise evil
you have it with you do not devise evil
you have it with you do not devise evil against your neighbour for he dwells by
against your neighbour for he dwells by
against your neighbour for he dwells by you for safety's sake do not strive with
you for safety's sake do not strive with
you for safety's sake do not strive with a man without cause if he has done you
a man without cause if he has done you
a man without cause if he has done you no harm do not envy the oppressor and
no harm do not envy the oppressor and
no harm do not envy the oppressor and choose none of his ways for the perverse
choose none of his ways for the perverse
choose none of his ways for the perverse person is an abomination to the Lord but
person is an abomination to the Lord but
person is an abomination to the Lord but his secret counsel is with the upright
his secret counsel is with the upright
his secret counsel is with the upright the curse of the Lord is on the house of
the curse of the Lord is on the house of
the curse of the Lord is on the house of the wicked but he blesses the home of
the wicked but he blesses the home of
the wicked but he blesses the home of the just surely he scorns the scornful
the just surely he scorns the scornful
the just surely he scorns the scornful but gives grace to the humble the wise
but gives grace to the humble the wise
but gives grace to the humble the wise shall inherit glory but shame shall be
shall inherit glory but shame shall be
shall inherit glory but shame shall be the legacy of fools
the legacy of fools
the legacy of fools [Music]